fix: add PHP search attirbutes (#1671)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-a-search-attribute.md

How to do this entirely depends on the method by which you spawn the Workflow Execution:

> - [How to set Search Attributes as Workflow Execution metadata in Go](/go/startworkflowoptions-reference/#searchattributes)
> - [How to set Search Attributes as Workflow Execution metadata in PHP](/php/how-set-search-attributes-as-workflow-execution-metadata-in-php)

Reviewer: We should just update both of these to:
```suggestion
- [How to set Search Attributes as Workflow Execution metadata](app-dev-context/set-custom-search-attributes)
```
